in this video,
we'll look at how you can add a button to the quick access toolbar,
which launches and runs a macro when clicked.
We'll also look at how you can customize the appearance of the body and also the tool tip,
which appears when you hover over it.
The macro that we want to use is the one we recorded in the last video,
and if you remember,
we saved it in our adding the ad in In,
which will be saving all the macros that we create on this course.
Because the Adan is in our Exercises folder and not in the words startup folder,
the macro as it contains no automatically available because the ad in itself is not
automatically activated.
To activate it,
we have to go to file or office button on 2000 and seven.
Choose options,
Maddin's Manage Word,
Adan's and then finally in global templates and Adan's.
You'll see GCS word VB a training,
and we can simply activate it.
And,
of course,
if it's not listed,
simply click on,
add and then browse for this file.
Now that this is activated,
we can go up to the quick access toolbar and on the right hand side,
we have the customized quick access toolbar dropped out,
and from this we choose more commands by default.
It lists popular commands.
Family Simply change this to Mac Rose,
and here's our macro,
with its very long name,
which consists of both The module,
which is called Eso,
won getting started.
Then there's a dot and then we have the name of the macro,
which we can see on the tool tip.
So we highlights it.
Click on add.
It's added,
and it has that default icon and that default very long name.
Luckily,
we can click on modify to customize both of those.
So at the top here we can choose any of these icons.
Since this is a document,
let's look for a document icon.
And here we've got a very good one.
Writing in bolt on a page and then the display name weaken certainly shorten.
So let's delete everything apart from the name itself.
And it might be a good idea to put the word macro at the start so that we can distinguish
between those icons that run other commands and those which will run Mac Rose.
We don't have to keep this cryptic name anymore so we can put spaces in to make it more
readable.
And that's it.
We click OK,
and our button is now added to the toolbar.
When we hover over it,
we get out.
Tilt it.
Best test that it still works.
So we open up the file that were used in the last video to test it inside,
01 getting started.
And then it's called 0102 recorded and macro and we click to run the macro and everything
works Fine.
Now,
if you are using this technique on your own,
Mac Rose,
it only makes sense to a sign Buttons.
But those macros which you know are going to be permanently available.
So in our case,
Al Macro is saved in a template which we activate when we want to test our Mac Rose.
So clearly,
if we haven't activated,
the ad in the macro won't be available and would run.
It's although we've done this for illustrative purposes,
just to show you how the technique works.
Yeah,
in a real life situation,
it only makes sense to use this technique if you know that the macro is permanently
available.
So let's just quit word for the moment.
We won't say there are changes to this test file,
and then we'll go straight back into it.
But of course,
the differences.
Our Adan is not currently activated.
So when we click on the button,
no,
we'll get an error message because the macro cannot be found.
So it's If you are doing this at work,
then ah,
reserve this technique for those macros,
which you know the user will always have access to.
Perhaps because they saved in the normal template.
Well,
because the template that they're in will be saved in the words startup folder and will
therefore automatically load when you launch word.
And I'll just finished by reminding you how you can verify the location of the word startup
folder.
It's file options,
office button word options on 2007.
Then it's advanced.
Scroll to the bottom and file locations.
And then here you got started so you can kick on,
modify on,
perhaps just copy that location,
and then any templates that has saved in there will automatically be activated so you won't
have to do the Adan's activation,
which we have to do for our training added.
To add a button to the quick Access toolbar,
which runs a macro,
choose more commands from the customized Quick Access Toolbar menu.
Both the icon and name displayed on the Q 80 can be customized.
Only Macros,
which have permanently available to the user,
should be assigned a button on the Q 80.